#### Notes for Everyone
* All to register tomorrow
* Everyone needs to sign disclaimer for police

#### General Venue Comments
* Internet is done - wifi set up tomorrow
  * Don't use the wifi for streaming, etc.
* Kitchen is open for everyone to use
  * Feel free to buy ingredients and cook for the group
  * There is tea, etc. available
  * The cook will be on site during the conference days
  * Cost for cook is 1000rs + Gas + Ingredients
* Tables and chairs are coming
* Layout
  * Agreed that the layout is fine
  * To be decided - how to connect the campsite and house
* Waste Management
  * Tom & Magda will lead this task with help from Nikhil
* Decoration and signage needs to be done
  * This is an ongoing task, anyone is welcome to take initiative and start
* The house has an inverter this year
* Local ATM machine often doesn't work (don't work at all for foreign banks) so if you need cash, someone will take the car into town every 1-2 days for supplies. You can take a lift to the other ATM on the way.
* Anyone is welcome to start the fire each day
  * There is trash wood possible available - needs confirmation from the owner if we can use it
#### Important House Rules
  * Shower knobs must stay in the middle to avoid leaks
  * Doors and gates must be closed so dogs don't enter the premises
  * Smoking area will be in the corner with the fire pit
#### Tasks and Projects
  * More people can offer to lead the meetings
  * Join in where you see jobs need doing, especially ongoing jobs that should be done daily.
  * More projects needed and tasks pending
    * Examples - grocery shopping, making breakfast, fire pit, taking out trash
  * Look and find tasks that need doing, write it on a post-it, add to board, complete the task
  * Mark recursive tasks or take responsibility for those tasks for a few days at least
#### Schedule
  * Need chart paper
  * A physical schedule will be made for the board
  * Bharat will manage making the schedule
* Only event tomorrow is sva's talk
#### School Trip
* Session suggestions welcome
* Need to move quickly to arrange dates with the school
* Questions posed
  * Is it useful?
    * Kids enjoy the time with something to move on with
    * e.g. Drag and drop programming 
    * Give links/resources/skills that they can continue with
  * What equipment do we/the school have?
    * ???
  * What language are the children taught in?
    * There are Hindi and English schools
  * What age group/level are the children?
    * ???
* Old sessions shared would be useful for newcomers to have an idea of what to propose
  * e.g. How to edit a Wiki entry, how to use Open Maps
  
#### Misc
Cab phone numbers to be shared